# Boros, Dwarf Daemon Slayer

_Even with his heart broken and longing only for death, Boros was a
proud Dwarf. It wouldn’t be a truly glorious death if he simply let
people hit him when he could block or dodge their strokes and he was
very good at doing both, thanks to being a weapons master until he
accidentally killed his brother in a training exercise. Naturally, his
excursions as a Slayer have only improved his skills and further
crushed his spirit. Now Boros is as broken as he can possibly get: he
has lost all hope that anything in the world can kill him and avenge
his brother. So much so, in fact, that he is even considering the most
heinous of dwarven taboos — suicide. His current preferred method is
by the bottle. Any noble or crimelord with an army to crush, or who’s
recruiting for a mad quest would love to gain the employ of Boros, if
only they could find the tavern he’s crawled into and convince him
that this particular job will be the one that, finally, gets him killed._

> “Fight an entire army of Ogres? What’s the point?”

|**WS**|**BS**|**S**|**T**|**Ag**|**Int**|**WP**|**Fel**|
|72|34|50|84|41|36|54|22|
|**A**|**W**|**SB**|**TB**|**M**|**Mag**|**IP**|**FP**|
|3|22|5|8|3|0|4|1|

**Skills:** Common Knowledge (Dwarfs, Kislev, the Empire), Consume
Alcohol, Dodge Blow +20%, Intimidate, Perception, Scale Sheer Surface,
Speak Language (Khazalid, Reikspiel), Trade (Smith)

**Talents:** Disarm, Dwarfcraft, Fearless, Grudge-born Fury, Hardy,
Lightning Parry, Lightning Reflexes, Night Vision, Resistance to
Magic, Resistance to Poison, Specialist Weapon Group (Flail, Two-
handed), Stout-hearted, Street Fighting, Strike Mighty Blow, Strike to
Injure, Sturdy, Unsettling, Very Resilient

**Armour:** None

**Armour Points:** Head 0, Arms 0, Body 0, Legs 0

**Weapons:** Flail (Hemmoch-Dur, “Blood-Letter”)

**Trappings:** Bottle of Dwarf Rum, Splitting Headache, His Brother’s
Axe

**Insanity:** Heart of Despair
